if you keep on doing what you've always
done you'll keep on being what you've
always been I can't remember the last
time I did something as proud I know it
is kid right
just how much do you know about me and
your dad you were best friends
you were grifters I want to know why you
killed my father
this seems like the kind of place just
losers I'm putting together a grift
this is a clean I have got a mark I need
a partner stay
forgive you for killing my dad
there are no secret to tell the secret
if you so much as hit is what I need
high-end hotel room
I think you totally fucking clueless
did you tell her
what do you want me to do do we have a
deal
she's like
soon these two seconds
confidence Allah a search nautical
nothing changes unless you make a change
you